Welcome back to Trading Wars and thanks
for joining me today. Today guys, I
wanted to share a strategy that has
really changed my life. It's one of the
easiest strategies and I wish I knew
about this a long time ago. For those of
you that don't know me, I'm a CPA. My
name is Rich and I've been trading for
almost a decade primarily with
Fibonacci. And uh it's funny thing is
guys, going to school, no one ever
taught me about selling options. You
learn about options, you learn about,
you know, buying them, but uh selling
them is kind of a gray area. So this is
a very important video and I hope you
enjoy it. Drop a like, subscribe, let's
get into it. So, can you make passive
income with just 15 minutes on Sunday
night? Right? And the answer for me is
yes. I've generated over $42,000 selling
over 400 contracts with 100% win rate,
guys, doing these strangle option
strategies on Sunday. I'm going to walk
you through this step by step and then
I'm going to explain it and give you
some examples and I hope that this can
change your life. I'm also going to show
you what to do if you have a small
account. So, stay tuned. So, guys, this
is my performance over the past three
months. As as you can see, the income
generation part of it, selling options
is not my full strategy. It's a part of
it and it's a key part of it. The income
you generate from selling options, you
can take this, reinvest it, buy leaps,
buy shares of companies. You can take
it, you can pay your bills, but the
income part is I want to get in and out
pretty quickly and take my money. First
of all, guys, my goal right now is to
generate at least $2,000 a month selling
options. So, you can see this is my
performance selling options specifically
on the S&P 500. I'm using the futures
contracts, the microe mini mees symbol.
The reason I do that is because you have
access to the market after hours. The
futures market is open at Sunday at 6
PM. So, literally at 6 p.m. on Sunday, I
take 15 minutes to set the strategy up.
What we're doing is we're selling out
the money options. All right. So, just
to take a look at the performance before
we get into it. Um, for November, I hit
my my greatest month uh in terms of
gains over 11,000. For December, we're
on track for a record-breaking month.
Again, I increased the size a little bit
because we started winning more and more
and I got an extra income that I want to
reinvest and actually make more money
selling more options. Okay? And you can
see here, guys, I have a 100% win rate.
I'm going to show you how I did that. I
managed these positions a little bit
with Fibonacci as well as using the
deltas. The deltas are very important.
Okay? So, let's get right into the
overview of the strategy here. Okay, so
the strategy guys revolves around
selling out the money options. Generally
speaking, guys, out the money options
right here, um, they they expire
worthless. And the way you learn that is
if you trade long enough, try trading
zero DTE. And you'll realize that most
of the time you're going to lose. That's
why I don't trade zero DTE. So, instead
of being the person that's chasing the
out the money option, why don't we sell
it? That was my question. So what I
learned over time is selling out the
money options you can look at something
called delta which is a measure of it's
a it's a Greek uh part of the options
Greek and it's a measure of the
probability okay um it's approximate of
the probability of winning so if I sell
a 20 delta option it has an 80% chance
of expiring worthless therefore me
collecting the premium so think about it
like this I am selling these contracts
to people I'm selling options most of
the time companies institutions will buy
puts are a form of protection for their
portfolio and I am the person that's
selling that put or selling a call. Um
either one where I am basically writing
insurance. It's like you become like
this insurance person. You're selling
insurance. Okay. [snorts] The edge is we
become the casino. The casino their edge
is they have a high frequency of uh
people gambling and losing their money
and they don't really ever pay out a big
jackpot. Okay? It's very rare. So this
is the casino edge in trading is
basically being the person that writes
the options and sells options to other
people. So, my mechanic is I sell three
layers of out the money puts every week.
This is the core. I also do uh some
calls. We'll talk about the calls.
They're a little bit different. And um I
have some management tools. If I get
assigned on a position, how I will
manage it. We will talk about that. But
basically, Sunday market opens at 6:00.
We go into the broker and we sell these
layers of puts. Okay? And I just want to
give you a quick overview here. Yes, you
can do this with a small account. All
right? If you have a small account less
than 5K, each microcontract is going to
be worth, you know, between $2 to
$3,000. You could get a little bit less
depending on the broker. Um, but you
want to just do one contract, okay? And
try to get $50 a week and you build your
way up and so on and so forth, right?
Eventually, if you have over 100k
account, you can really start making a
lot of money. Um, but the mechanics are
the same. It's just the size that
changes. Okay? So, for me, 8 months over
42 grand, it's about 1,200 per week. I'm
averaging 2,000 plus a week now. And,
um, the reason is in the beginning, I
was very skeptical. Uh, so I really
started off small. You can see in May,
June, I was going very small because I
was skeptical. I was like, "This is too
good to be true." And you know, there
are some risk involved which I'll talk
about, but guys, I have not lost a
single trade and I really felt like I
needed to make this video to talk to you
about it because no one wants to talk
about these things. So, make sure you
drop a like and make sure you subscribe.
So, what I'm going to do now is I'm
going to take you through a typical week
and what that looks like. I am back here
on the chart and we're going to go over
to the Discord here. So, this channel,
Rich Live Alerts, premium selling and
Fibonacci indicator setups. This is
where every Sunday I post my trades.
Okay, so we could see here this we're
going to use this one as an example.
Sunday, November 30th, where I sold
these layers of calls and puts. And you
don't have to do the call side. The put
side is a little bit easier because if
you get a if basically the put side goes
bad, you're going to get assigned the
S&P 500 at a deep discount. We're
talking about like 5% plus. So, it'll be
a good deal if you you can buy and hold
the position from there. But I'll talk
about that a little bit further. So, I
sold three layers of puts and then I
sold one layer of calls. And these are
between 10 to 20 delta for the puts. And
then the calls I adjust it. I do very
far delta. Sometimes five, six, seven
delta. And the delta basically means you
just the further it is. So if I sell a
five delta, it's very far away. I have a
95% chance plus of making the money.
Okay? And you can see here 900 bucks,
700 bucks, 1,000 bucks. Every cycle,
every Sunday, I'm trying to get between,
you know, 2 to 3,000. I started off with
just like a few hundred bucks, trying to
get a few hundred bucks. And then as I
got more confident and as the account
grew, then I said, "Okay, let's take
some more." So let's walk through an
example. So these lines on the chart,
let me just move these over. This these
are this is an example here, right? So
we are selling Let's go right here.
So this is the monthly chart. Let's go
to the weekly chart so we can see it a
little bit easier. Here we're selling
three layers, right? So we're selling
the 6700.
Okay? So I'm going to double click here
and I'll put 6700.
We're selling the 6660 and the 6600. So
each one of these have different um
prices, right? The further away you go
from where the market is, the less money
you're going to get because the, you
know, the probability of having this
kind of crash, if we look at the
percentage drop, that's over a 4% drop
in a week is very low. So you're going
to get less and less money. But you can
see as I go lower and lower, I sell
more. Okay? So, as long as the market by
December 12th, so this is a, you know,
I'm making this video in the first week
of December here, uh, going into the
second week. So, by December 12th, as
long as we stay above these three lines,
I'll collect all of this money
basically. Okay. Now, what's the
downside? If we break through these
lines and we close by December 12th,
okay, on that day below any one of these
lines, I have to buy this position. But
this right here, guys, feeds into my
strategy because if I'm buying the
market at a 2% deal, 3% deal, you know,
4% deal, that's where I want to buy the
market anyway. So, you're basically
getting paid to wait. Okay? You're
getting paid for when the market really
does pull back. You better be ready to
buy it. Um, and and in the meantime, you
can get paid. Okay? And then I also sell
the calls. So, I'm selling calls at
7070.
You can see this is really, really far
away. Okay? All the way up here. This is
a rally of approximately 3%. Okay? And
in a week, guys, that's very hard for
the market to have like a straight up 3%
rally. Okay? It does happen on the S&P,
but you know, not often, right? So, I
sold that for 740. So, as long as the
market stays between these lines, I'm
going to make profit. Okay? And that's
how I uh do this for income generation
by mixing around with the deltas. So,
let's go back to the monthly chart here,
right? And then I just wanted to talk a
few key points about it. So, what's the
risk? The risk is if we go below these
three lines here, you're gonna have to
buy the position. So, what I do is I
only sell uh the amount of puts that I'm
willing to hold in my portfolio, right?
So, if you have a small account, uh you
know, 2500, 3,000, just do the math in
your head. For each microcontract, you
can only uh it requires maybe 2 to 3,000
in margin. So, if you're less than 5K,
don't do more than two of these at a
time. Try to generate a 100 bucks a
week. And then as you grow, you do more
and more and more. Okay? And because I
mix around my deltas and I have them so
much further away, guys, I've been able
to achieve the 100% win rate. So, just
going back here to the table, guys, um
what I do when I sell these on Sunday,
there's a few ways you can manage it.
Okay, the easiest way is to just let
them expire and you collect all the
profit. But you can also have a profit
target. You can take like a 50% profit
target, 75% profit target. Um or you can
also uh just hedge your position. So,
there's multiple ways. is I can make
another video on that to talk about
managing the position. But I just wanted
to really uh open up your mind to a
different view in the market when it
comes to selling options. And um I
actually track all of this in my tracker
here. So you can see these are all the
trades here. And then I also have the
broker screenshot here, but I actually
have my free I have my free Google Sheet
tracker where you can follow along and
you can see all of my positions. I
update this one to two times per week.
And then I also send out my Substack
newsletter which updates the performance
every week. Okay, so I wanted to just
bring this to your attention guys.
Obviously follow along in the Discord,
you'll get the live alerts, but I hope
that this video is like a good
introductory for you understanding how
the option premium game works and you
can actually visually see the chart.
Okay. And I also wanted to show one more
example of this. Um I actually have a
really good image that I wanted to show
here guys. So, this is another visual
way to see this. So, let me just pop up
here in the Discord right here. Okay.
So, I wanted to show you guys this image
here so you can see um we can have a
potential profit target here and as long
as we stay above these strikes, we will
finish with uh locking in that profit.
All right. So, guys, thank you so much.
As always, check me out at
tradingwarss.com. And um just start off
with just doing one of these. Sell one
put per week. See how you like it. Paper
trade it, guys. And if you want to, you
can also use a spread. All right? I
don't really recommend that because
you're not really going to make any
money if you use a spread. Um, but if
you just sell one put, then if you get
assigned, you hold that contract and you
can actually apply the wheel strategy,
which is a topic for another video. So,
comment fib king below if you like this
video. And I'll also be doing a lifetime
Discord giveaway. So, please comment fib
king. I'll be announcing the winner uh
by the end of this month and drop a
like, okay? To follow me, guys, don't
forget follow this tracker. It's all
here for you for free to learn. Follow
the substack. You'll see the link below.
and check me out at tradingwarss.com if
you are interested in following along on
the live alerts. So, I hope this video
added value and take care my friends.
Have a great day.